In this lecture we are
order method for negative scenario
where-in in the order BOimpl we are going to
stub out the DAO.create in
such a way that it will return a
result which is 0 and our place order then
should return a false value instead of
truth that is what we are going to
verify and assert for so let's go back
to our OrderBOimpl test double click on it
we can reuse this existing tests so take the
complete test code copy it paste it
rename this method to
place order should create from should
create let's make it should not create
an order everything else remains the
same here when we are stubbing it out
when DAO.create order then
return instead of new integer 1 will
be returning a zero value we have
stubbed out and returning a zero value then
our place order on the BO should
return false
instead of true so here instead of true
we are going to use junit assert
false, let me push it up by adding some
new lines at the end assert false verify
still remains the same we still want to
verify that the DAO's create method is
indeed getting called when we call
BO.placeorder all we are asserting
for is assert false the result.
Thats the only thing that change here you notice we
have some code repeating so we can
refactor that or we can move this
instantiation peace and setting the
mocobject onto the BO into our setup
method so select that whole thing hold  the
alt button move it up press the up arrow we can
place it in the setup method right after
we call the in it mocs and then we can
convert this BO by hitting
control 1 convert local war variable
to field and then we can delete these
two lines from the second test method so
we are reusing the class under test
by making it
a field and then we are instantiating it
inside the setup method and we
are also setting the mocked out DAO
within the setup method let's run our
test real quick by right-clicking go to
run as junit test everything is in
green we are good we have also tested
for the negative scenario wherein we have
stubbed out the DAO to the return 0
and then we made sure that our BO is
indeed behaving as expected it is returning
false when the DAO.create
returns a 0 value.